# Receipt-Processor

An API that processes receipt data and calculates points based on specific rules for the given receipts.

## Rebuild the Project with Docker
### Prerequisites 
* Docker
  ```sh
  https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/
  ```
### Installation
1. Clone the repository
2. CD into the root directory
3. Ensure that docker desktop is Open and Running
4. Run the docker build from the project's root directory
  ```
  docker build -t avilajohnny/receipt-processor:1.0 .
  ```
4. Run a container from the docker image
  ```
  docker run -p 3000:3000 avilajohnny/receipt-processor:1.0
  ```
5. The server should now be running and listening for requests at port 3000

## Endpoints
### Endpoint: Process Receipts

* Path: `/receipts/process`
* Method: `POST`
* Payload: Receipt JSON
* Response: JSON containing an id for the receipt.

Description:

Takes in a JSON receipt (see example in the example directory) and returns a JSON object with an ID generated by your code.

The ID returned is the ID that should be passed into `/receipts/{id}/points` to get the number of points the receipt
was awarded.

How many points should be earned are defined by the rules below.

Reminder: Data does not need to survive an application restart. This is to allow you to use in-memory solutions to track any data generated by this endpoint.

Example Response:
```json
{ "id": "7fb1377b-b223-49d9-a31a-5a02701dd310" }
```

## Endpoint: Get Points

* Path: `/receipts/{id}/points`
* Method: `GET`
* Response: A JSON object containing the number of points awarded.

A simple Getter endpoint that looks up the receipt by the ID and returns an object specifying the points awarded.

Example Response:
```json
{ "points": 32 }
```

---
